We interesting to see,
you know,
what the next group because they're obviously really different.
Like they don't want big giant houses and all that stuff that,
you know,
sort of my generation and your generation thought
that's how you think the new generation is different in their values and what I
do.
Right.
They say that they,
they give more,
they volunteer more.
I think the tricky thing for them is going to be connection and being able to be
connected and being able to have a real conversation and uh,
you know,
even be able to concentrate long enough to,
to be with somebody because of devices.
Yeah.
I mean I think it's far.
Could you imagine right now if you were 20,
you know,
and being like dating and swiping and trying to pay attention and
10,
you know,
my daughter's,
one of the few girls in our closet doesn't have a cell phone.
What's the age of,
did they get,
I'm like [inaudible] I've had them since they were like seven.
No,
I mean your kids like what's the rule in your house?
There's a debate.
All right,
now let's figure it out.
Well.
Okay,
so you have a 10 year old going to be an 11 yeah.
I think that they say there's like a movement wait til eighth yeah.
You heard that like 10 kids in the class.
All the parents agree.
So they're not the only person in the class that doesn't have it,
but it's not that way with my daughter's kids.
They're kids in her class.
Most of them have phones.
Most parents just give the kid a phone.
Yeah.
And it's just,
um,
there's a,
have you read any Jonathan hates stuff?
Yeah.
The coddling of the American board of course.
And that,
that is just so disturbing when you see the amount of,
especially young girls that are growing up,
depressed,
cutting themselves self harm,
what does that
400% he said like from 10 to 14 or something
crazy like that.
Like something insane.
Massive spike that directly coincides with the invention of smartphones and
social media.
Yeah.
The slot machine.
It's this,
this thing where people were just trying to get likes and trying to leverage
their,
you know,
their social status and,
and try to pretend that they're living in a perfect world to everybody around
them and everyone else is doing it.
And people look at other people's lives being perfect and they reflect upon
their own,
they get depressed.
There's just so many factors that kids didn't have to deal with just to a decade
or so ago.
It's really,
really
right.
Like at least if I had a hard time at school,
I could go home and have a reprieve from it at least overnight.
I think for me,
that's been a thing with my kids is like,
especially daughters.
I do think,
I understand the gaming is different for boys and porn,
pornography and things like that and not hold trip of rewiring their brain.
And,
but I think with girls it's like,
how do you get them to underst,
like get hear their own voice.
I don't know how they're going to get to a place where they,
I mean,
cause every,
it's like this weird mishmash of like me too.
And then never before had people objectify themselves more because they get them
that positive affirmation.
Like I always say,
if I put out really smart ideas,
um,
if I'm a young woman,
oh,
I have a thousand followers,
every shot is of my,
but I have 10 million followers.
So we have this mix message going on,
which is like I'm angry me to treat me equal simultaneously to,
I'm going to objectify myself in the most hardcore way more than in any time in
history.
The results.
And it's really it for me as a female who's,
who understands both those sides a little bit.
Um,
I,
it kind of trips me out because I don't think you like those girls,
you know,
playing that card and have no violence should be done to you.
And I agree with all of that and no is no and all of that.
But at a certain point,
you know,
like you've had Jordan Peterson on her many times.
It's like biological signaling.
It's like w w like play a side at least.
And also that,
oh,
that's that one side is super short lived.
That's what I tried to tell my girls.
I'm like,
Yo,
listen,
if you're,
you know,
you're pretty girls,
it's great,
but if that's the card you're playing,
your cards done,
but by the time you're 30,
35,
it's done.
It's over.
Um,
you know,
unless you're like 40 and you marry a seven year old,
I don't know,
whatever,
given the MILF porn,
is that such a thing?
Yeah.
But even that,
it's like they've got to put a filter on it and like all that stuff.
I mean,
come on.
You know what I mean?
It's like at a certain point,
how do you get these girls to go,
hey,
stand up for yourself.
Be Strong.
But like,
what are you doing?
But look at all these people that are not doing that,
that are benefiting.
I know,
but it's getting them to understand how do you get a 13 year old to talk about
the long game,
right?
Yeah.
I mean everything's immediate.
But for me it's like it's culturally,
I feel like I'm this weird mix of like the most I came through with the most
modern time.
Like women went to school and on scholarships and like we,
we,
there was no thought to being strong.
Not really.
And then,
but then weirdly it's like I feel so kind of old fashioned when I see kind of
this next thing cause I'm like well strong.
For me it was something else strong was like you were really physically strong
trying to have a strong mind,
you know,
strong basis of a person and then okay then there was this other side like your
femininity,
your sexuality,
all this other stuff.
And now it's like,
I don't know,
I,
it's very interesting for a while there's certainly a bunch of different kinds
of people,
right?
And there's going to be people that gravitate towards
objectifying themselves.
You know,
people that gravitate in this day and age towards,
you know,
you see a lot of people's pages are just filled with motivational quotes and
inspirational things and you know,
and then stories about people that they meet and photos and you get a lot of
people that are attracted to that kind of stuff too.
It's just you're not going to get the immediate gratification of a picture of
your ass,
the,
that picture of your ass.
It gets 100,000 likes and like wow,
look at all those likes.
And then you know,
it's just a different vibe and you have to decide what do you,
after you have to quantity or quality or after.
We try to accurately express how you feel and,
and work it out,
communicating with people and figure out how they react to what you're saying
and how you feel about how other people say similar things and how it does good
things for you.
And you want to do good things for them or do you just want to have,
yeah,
it's a piece of dental floss at the crack of your ass sticking it in front of
the camera.
This,
you know.
No,
and I,
I get that.
Like I get also,
like I always say when you're a young woman,
you sort of get this new car and you're like,
well,
what happens?
Like what if I put my foot on the gas?
Like you're sort of checking it all out.
Like they respond like this if I do that,
like that's completely natural.
But then at a certain point,
um,
I don't know that the input is like,
uh,
you know,
like who do you want to be and not based on what everyone thinks about you.
Like what actually turns you on.
And S and s makes you feel excited and stoked because you know,
it's great that you have a nice budget,
but there's a lot of Nice butts and in the end that's not probably gonna
bring you that other feeling.
The problem is that there's a thrill to positive reactions.
Absolutely.
And that thrills undeniable.
I would like it.
I'm just too old people.
And when people get that thrill and you tell them,
hey,
that thrills bad for you.
You look fuck off mom.
No,
no,
I mean a bolt onto that message.
How about that?
Like get the thrill,
but simultaneously to doing the thrill.
Maybe have some other thoughts about where you,
where you like to continue to journey too.
But yeah,
I think when you tell that to a 13 year old,
the here at eventually,
yeah.
I think in the beginning like,
hey,
yeah,
I got this.
And then later when it all goes sideways,
like God damn was to listen to mom.
Yeah.
I think you just got to be it too and have some like cool friends that hang
around you because you're,
if you're the parent it's like,
okay,
you're going to penetrate so much.
But if you've got some like you know in Hawaii they call them aunties.
If he got some Badass chicks around you and your daughters are looking,
they see,
they say,
but what if you don't have access to that?
I have a lot of pretty strong,
cool women around me,
but
not that it concerns me.
I don't want to say that.
It's just how do you help the next group,
you know,
try to be a good example,
love on them,
but get them to teach them to love on themselves.
That's all.
And I don't mean with eyelash extensions and like perfect things.
I mean like love on yourself,
you know?
Well that's the other thing too.
This is a distortion distortion of natural beauty and you know,
make it so that everything has to be artificial.
The color of your lips,
the color of your eye,
shadow,
fake lashes,
everything is just this,
that doesn't,
doesn't look better,
just looks different.
Do you think I,
I'm always fascinated what men think.
Like do they even like,
did they,
does it even register?
Do they know what's going on?
In what way?
Well,
I guess we'd have to ask men of that generation if,
let's say they had,
uh,
two groups of women and one that was like perfectly quaffed with the lip
injection and quaffed and uh,
is it,
I liked that I'm talking about like eyelash extensions with Joe,
but um,
like just sort of really done like ready for the club,
let's just say.
And then just like a girl,
like,
hi,
I'm a,
you know,
I'm a sweaty runner and now I'm going to go to the office and put my hair up in
a ponytail.
I don't know,
whatever.
If guys,
if they even,
can they tell the difference?
I mean it's all
what your Auntie,
your Intel.
Yeah.
Some guys just like them soft and made up some guys like I'm sweaty and
muscular.
Yeah.
Snow and I get all that.
I love that.
I just mean,
again,
it's hardcore signaling and I guess that's,
maybe that's what it is.
Maybe it's the new biology,
but it's also the,
there's never been a time like that.
A bit on one of my Netflix specials were about this girl who's got just pictures
of her ass shit,
like 9 million followers on Instagram.
I'm like,
there's never been a person like this before.
This is a new kind of person like fuck,
fuck.
Looking at these frogs and the Amazon that no one's going to see there's a new
kind of person.
This girl just has pictures of her butt and she's got a millions of people
staring at her all day long and every day is just new pictures of her.
But
it's a great point.
I always am intrigued how they decide like,
oh,
we're going to do the but on the beach now let's do the button next to the
puppy.
It's like,
I'm so confused how they keep getting ideas.
I can't even get ideas for different things.
And it's like,
I know we'll do it,
but with the cotton candy,
it's like,
okay.
I don't know.
I think it becomes a,
uh,
an obsession.
I mean,
I think you have to stay fresh with new bud ideas.
Is that,
or do you have like a,
but that are envelope table editor.
Hey,
let's go on the head.
Uh,
but editor here at [inaudible] at [inaudible] dot com I don't know,
but if you have a girl
who has,
let's say some of these girls have millions and millions of followers and
they're making millions of
dinosaurs,
they're crushing it.
Yeah,
maybe they're actually the smartest people in the room and I haven't caught on
yet.
It's certainly an easy path to finances and I know,
right?
If you have a great ass and you're like working out anyway and you just want to
take pictures of it and all of sudden you have 25 million followers,
like damn.
But
this goes also,
okay,
what should she do?
Quit that job.
Definitely not cause then when is she going to say,
well I'll do the right thing and work at the library.
I'm not suggesting that it's just,
I mean if it was my kid,
I'd be like,
you know,
sweetie,
you might want to weigh out the economics on this.
Right?
I think you said something really important.
It's a whole new thing.
And I think,
um,
however it's sort of like the communication you're always having,
which is well what is success?
And for me it's,
that's all it's like getting people,
encouraging them,
whatever that is,
whatever that looks like.
You know,
you said this like,
Oh,
you do this show whether anyone was listening or not most likely,
right.
I mean,
until you couldn't it anymore,
let's just say.
But obviously I would do it just to have the conversations or do it right.
Maybe I wouldn't do it as much,
but I would definitely do it if I had it.
Like if someone said,
hey,
you know,
every few months a physicist will come in here and sit down with you for three
hours and be like,
yeah,
let's do it.
Yeah.
Well you're bringing information to you and learning to you.
So for you,
part of your definition,
that success.
Yeah.
And so I guess that is the conversation,
cause we always have this thing that's obvious thing of like success is it
either his notoriety,
it's power,
it's money.
Um,
and then we forget those other communications about like the pursuit of
something that really genuinely turns you on.
Well,
I think people get short sided and you definitely can get success.
We just have money and you just have objects and you have notoriety and people
will view it as success.
But if you're not doing what you love,
it's not pure success.
It's a different kind of success.
Like if you really find something that you enjoy doing and then you take that
like layered has,
was surfing or many people have with their passions and then you become
successful through that.
It's a different existence because it's an,
it's a pure existence.
Like,
uh,
when I,
um,
do stand up comedy or if I do see like a commentary for the UFC,
it's a very,
it's a pure enthusiasm.
It's genuine.
Comes across.
I don't have to fake it.
It's,
I enjoy doing it.
That's to me,
I don't,
I know everybody can't do that or everybody feels like they can't do that or
they haven't figured out a way to do that yet.
Right.
But if you can,
if you can,
if there's a thing that you can do,
like maybe I would have made more money if I went into the stock market,
maybe I would have made more money if I was a banker.
Maybe.
I don't know.
Right.
But I definitely wouldn't be as happy.
There's no way.
If I'm the same person I am now and I was in a fucking office all day,
making a hundred times as much money,
I'd be miserable.
Right.
And I think that,
I guess for me that's maybe when I see the thing with the girls and like I said,
feeling sensitive to it because I have daughters or just young people in
general.
It's that conversation of like,
you know,
just keeping that definition of success open.
And by the way,
this other path that taking it,
like following your own instincts or desires or passions,
there's elements to that that are,
our heart are harder for sure.
It's more unknown.
You can feel insecure.
Like is this the right thing to do?
I mean,
we've gone,
I mean in our house we've gone through that 50 different times.
You know?
It's like,
I'm going to do this cause I really want to.
I don't know what's going to happen and I don't know if it's going to be
successful.
I might even lose money.
Who knows?
But that once you start to do it or you do it once or twice,
then you go,
oh,
but it's so worth trying.